On 2024-7-4 Global Info Research released【Global Dredging Market 2024 by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2030】. This report includes an overview of the development of the Dredging industry chain, the market status of Consumer Electronics (Nickel-Zinc Ferrite Core, Mn-Zn Ferrite Core), Household Appliances (Nickel-Zinc Ferrite Core, Mn-Zn Ferrite Core), and key enterprises in developed and developing market, and analysed the cutting-edge technology, patent, hot applications and market trends of Dredging.

According to our (Global Info Research) latest study, the global Dredging market size was valued at USD 22700 million in 2023 and is forecast to a readjusted size of USD 31490 million by 2030 with a CAGR of 4.8% during review period.
Dredging is the maritime transportation of natural materials from one part of the water environment to another by specialised dredging vessels. It involves collecting and bringing up, fishing up or clearing away or out material and / or any object from the bed of a river, sea, etc.; transporting it to the relocation site and unloading the material or object. The purpose for dredging can be maintenance of the depth or the deepening of navigation accesses or channels, it can also be land reclamation, coastal protection, seabed stabilisation for the offshore energy installations or the removal of contaminated sediments. In fact, in a usual dredging cycle, self-propelled trailing suction hopper dredgers, barges and other ships spend the majority of their time sailing back and forth between extraction sites and placement sites, transporting materials between the port and the borrow site; sailing between borrow sites; and sailing from sites where material has been extracted to unloading or placement sites.
Global key players of Dredging include China Communications Construction Company (CCCC), Boskalis, Jan De Nul Group, DEME Group, etc. The top four players hold a share over 49%.

Asia-Pacific is the largest market, has a share about 50%, followed by Europe and North America, with share 25% and 13%, separately.

In terms of product type, Capital Dredging is the largest segment, occupied for a share of 37%, and in terms of application, Water Transportation has a share about 59%.

The Global Info Research report includes an overview of the development of the Dredging industry chain, the market status of Water Transportation (Maintenance Dredging, Capital Dredging), Energy Engineering (Maintenance Dredging, Capital Dredging), and key enterprises in developed and developing market, and analysed the cutting-edge technology, patent, hot applications and market trends of Dredging.
Regionally, the report analyzes the Dredging markets in key regions. North America and Europe are experiencing steady growth, driven by government initiatives and increasing consumer awareness. Asia-Pacific, particularly China, leads the global Dredging market, with robust domestic demand, supportive policies, and a strong manufacturing base.


Sample Report Request Dredging
https://www.globalinforesearch.com/reports/1690403/dredging

Market segment by Type： Maintenance Dredging、Capital Dredging、Mineral Dredging、Environmental Remedial Dredging

Market segment by Application：Water Transportation、Energy Engineering、Urban & Tourism、Others

Major players covered： China Communications Construction Company (CCCC)、Boskalis、Jan De Nul Group、DEME Group、Van Oord、NMDC Group、Penta - Ocean Construction Co、Great Lakes Dredge & Dock、Inai Kiara、Hyundai Engineering and Construction Co、TOA Corporation、Orion Marine Group、Weeks Marine、Gulf Cobla、Dredging Corporation of India

Market segment by region, regional analysis covers: North America (United States, Canada and Mexico), Europe (Germany, France, United Kingdom, Russia, Italy, and Rest of Europe), Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India, Southeast Asia, and Australia),South America (Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, and Rest of South America),Middle East & Africa (Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt, South Africa, and Rest of Middle East & Africa).

The content of the study subjects, includes a total of 15 chapters:
Chapter 1, to describe Dredging product scope, market overview, market estimation caveats and base year.
Chapter 2, to profile the top manufacturers of Dredging, with price, sales, revenue and global market share of Dredging from 2019 to 2024.
Chapter 3, the Dredging competitive situation, sales quantity, revenue and global market share of top manufacturers are analyzed emphatically by landscape contrast.
Chapter 4, the Dredging breakdown data are shown at the regional level, to show the sales quantity, consumption value and growth by regions, from 2019 to 2030.
Chapter 5 and 6, to segment the sales by Type and application, with sales market share and growth rate by type, application, from 2019 to 2030.
Chapter 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11, to break the sales data at the country level, with sales quantity, consumption value and market share for key countries in the world, from 2017 to 2023.and Dredging market forecast, by regions, type and application, with sales and revenue, from 2025 to 2030.
Chapter 12, market dynamics, drivers, restraints, trends and Porters Five Forces analysis.
Chapter 13, the key raw materials and key suppliers, and industry chain of Dredging.
Chapter 14 and 15, to describe Dredging sales channel, distributors, customers, research findings and conclusion.

Data Sources:

Via authorized organizations:customs statistics, industrial associations, relevant international societies, and academic publications etc.
Via trusted Internet sources.Such as industry news, publications on this industry, annual reports of public companies, Bloomberg Business, Wind Info, Hoovers, Factiva (Dow Jones & Company), Trading Economics, News Network, Statista, Federal Reserve Economic Data, BIS Statistics, ICIS, Companies House Documentsm, investor presentations, SEC filings of companies, etc.
Via interviews. Our interviewees includes manufacturers, related companies, industry experts, distributors, business (sales) staff, directors, CEO, marketing executives, executives from related industries/organizations, customers and raw material suppliers to obtain the latest information on the primary market;
Via data exchange. We have been consulting in this industry for 16 years and have collaborations with the players in this field. Thus, we get access to (part of) their unpublished data, by exchanging with them the data we have.
From our partners.We have information agencies as partners and they are located worldwide, thus we get (or purchase) the latest data from them.
Via our long-term tracking and gathering of data from this industry.We have a database that contains history data regarding the market.
About Us:

GlobaI Info Research

Web: https://www.globalinforesearch.com

CN: 0086-176 6505 2062

HK: 00852-58030175

US: 001-347 966 1888

Email: report@globalinforesearch.com

Global Info Research is a company that digs deep into global industry information to support enterprises with market strategies and in-depth market development analysis reports. We provides market information consulting services in the global region to support enterprise strategic planning and official information reporting, and focuses on customized research, management consulting, IPO consulting, industry chain research, database and top industry services. At the same time, Global Info Research is also a report publisher, a customer and an interest-based suppliers, and is trusted by more than 30,000 companies around the world. We will always carry out all aspects of our business with excellent expertise and experience.

 
